>> Nina Zakharenko: Going back to
amending, so as we saw earlier, using
amend we can only kind of make changes
to the previous commit that we made.
But this is a great shortcut I use
all the time that lets me amend any
arbitrary commit using fixup.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I tell git that the
current commit I want to make is a --fixup
of a certain <SHA>.
it's gonna create a new commit and
mark it as a fixup.
And I can git rebase -i
with a --autosquash.
That tells git that if it sees
a commit marked with a fixup,
to just squash it automatically
with the right one.
And when I git rebase -i,
I wanna make sure that I'm specifying
the parent of the <SHA> I fixed up,
otherwise it won't work.
And git's gonna just generate
the right things for you.
You can save and quit.
You can use this to edit
any commit in your history.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
here I wanna edit the middle commit.
If I do commit --fixup,
we'll see here on my git one line,
that the message,
that git created automatically is fixup!.
That's an internal marker to git.
That this commit is a fix up or
an edit to this one down here
that has the same commit message.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Now I could autosquash
using the ref of the parent commit and
that's what my rebase will look like.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So git's going to
automatically reorder the commits and
it'll mark the commit with a fixup action.
And there we go.
Once I look at my log,
we'll see that the Add
a blog post about Python
now has a new <SHA>.
It's been modified.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So a much
quicker way of, you don't have to do
an interactive rebase,
if you just wanna modify one commit.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I'm gonna
skip explaining rebase --exec.
You can go back to the slide
if you need to, but
it's a way to specify to get to run
a command after every rebase action.
So as it's replaying commits, you can say
git, run this test after every commit.
I want to make sure that my tests pass and
that I'm not checking in
any breaking commits.